<h1>Minotaur's Birthday Party</h1>
The technique I used for this solution was having the first guest thread act as a counter. The guest cannot communicate with any other guests so all guests only eat one cupcake and allow the first guest to replace it. The first guest will then count how many times the cupcake is needed to be replaced. The guests are then chosen at random until the first guest announces to the minotaur that everyone has visited the maze. A semaphore is used to control access to the maze, allowing only one thread to access it at a time. A shared array is used to keep track of which guests have eaten the cupcake. This array is not shared with any other thread and is only used for a guest to see if they have already eaten or not.

<h1>Minotaur's Crystal Vase</h1>
The method I used to solve this problem was to leave a sign on the door of the vase room. This solution isn't as neat or orderly as a queue but it is simpler to implement and works just as well. Guests will only visit the vase room once and keep walking if they pass by the room after visiting it prior. If a guest passes the room and has not visited, and the room is available, they will enter. Guests are chosen at random to walk by the room to simulate the wandering of guests, and once in the room they will spend a random (brief) amount of time. When a guest enters the room, they flip the sign to busy, and once finished, they flip the sign back to available. These actions are synchronized in order to prevent multiple guests from entering the room at the same time.
